# GPT-Committer
GPT-Committer is a command-line tool that helps you generate commit messages for your Git commits using OpenAI's GPT-3.5 model. This tool is designed to simplify the process of creating meaningful and concise commit messages based on the changes you've made in your code. It can be especially useful when you want to quickly generate commit messages without having to think about them.

## Features
- Generates commit messages based on the differences in your code.
- Uses OpenAI's GPT-3.5 model to provide high-quality commit messages.
- Supports customization of the generated commit messages.
- Simplifies the git commit process.

## Installation
To install GPT-Committer globally via npm, follow these steps:
1. Open your terminal.
2. Run the following npm command:
    ```sh
    npm install -g gpt-committer
    ```

## Usage
After installing it globally, you can start using it to generate commit messages. Here's how to use it:
1. Navigate to your  Git repository directory.
2. Stage the changes you want to commit using the git add command.
3. Run the following command to generate a commit message:
   ```sh
   npx gpt-committer
   ```
   GPT-Committer will analyze the staged changes and present you with a list of commit messages generated by the GPT-3.5 model.
4. Select a commit message from the list using the arrow keys and press Enter to confirm.
5. GPT-Committer will automatically create a Git commit with the selected message and push it to your remote repository.

## Troubleshooting
If you encounter any issues or have questions about GPT-Committer, please refer to the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/olcayseygan/gpt-commitor) for support and issue tracking.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

**Note:** GPT-Committer is a tool for automating the commit message generation process. However, it's important to review and ensure the generated commit messages accurately reflect your code changes and follow your project's conventions and guidelines.